Every time you interact with a new sensor,
it's always a good idea to go through this exercise that we just did,
where we first learned about the physics of the sensor and how it worked.
We looked at plots of the signals in various environments.
We finally learned about the noise characteristics of each sensor.
This is nice when you have someone to guide you through this process.
But it's not impossible if you're on your own.
A great idea is to go out and buy the sensor so that you can experiment on
yourself to build some intuition of how the sensor works as a response to you.
You should also make sure to look up
the literature on your sensor in the specific context
that you are using it so that you can learn
information that will generalize beyond yourself.
That's it for this lesson.
See you in the next one where we build a machine learning algorithm on wearable data.